Use `expect_snapshot()` for errors (#200)
daroczig/logger: tests/testthat/_snaps/utils.md

# fail_on_missing_package

    Code
      fail_on_missing_package("logger", "9.9.9", call = quote(f()))
    Condition
      Error:
      ! Please install min. 9.9.9 version of logger to use f
    Code
      fail_on_missing_package("an.R.package-that-doesNotExists", call = quote(f()))
    Condition
      Error:

>       ! Please install the 'an.R.package-that-doesNotExists' package to use f

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ! Please install the "an.R.package-that-doesNotExists" package to use f
```

Author: Hmmm this is because of (mis)use of `shQuote()` which I thought I fixed elsewhere.
